Greenville, Alabama|Nearly everyone who has driven south to the Gulf Coast beaches knows about Greenville - or thinks he does.
Greenville, Alabama|But to really know Greenville, you need to put down that interstate map and stop in for a visit.
Greenville, Alabama|Located just half an hour south of Montgomery - where I-65, U.S. 31 and Alabama's Highway 10 converge - Greenville is the county seat of picturesque Butler County.
Greenville, Alabama|Montgomery Regional Airport is just minutes away, and CSX rail serves the city. Greenville is proud of its historic downtown business and residential district, and its wide variety of other retail and commercial offerings.
Greenville, Alabama|The city's industrial manufacturing base is diverse, from wood products and steering wheels to textiles, and it's rapidly growing. Come visit Greenville, the Camellia City!
Greenville, Georgia|Greenville, the county seat of Meriwether County, became a city on December 20, 1828.
Greenville, Georgia|The city is named in honor of Revolutionary war hero General Nathaniel Greene. The Meriwether County courthouse in Greenville was constructed around 1903 and burned in 1976.
Greenville, Georgia|The first courthouse in Meriwether County was destroyed in 1893 by a cyclone. Although Greenville is the county seat, the largest municipality is Manchester.
Greenville, Georgia|Other cities in the county include Gay, Lone Oak, Luthersville, Warm Springs, and Woodbury. According to 2000 Census, the City of Greenville had a population of 946 persons.
Greenville, Illinois|Greenville, Illinois, located in Bond County, is 45 miles east of the metropolitan St.
Greenville, Illinois|Greenville was incorporated as a city on September 17, 1872.
Greenville, Illinois|Greenville currently has a population of 7,000 residents.
Greenville, Illinois|Greenville is a progressive community bridging the gap between its rich history and economic growth.
Greenville, Indiana|Welcome to Greenville, Indiana!
Greenville, Indiana|Early in Floyd County's history, Greenville was initially to be the county seat.
Greenville, Kentucky|Located among the rolling hills of Western Kentucky, Greenville extends true southern hospitality to all who visit.
Greenville, Kentucky|Greenville is also blessed with a wide variety of unique shops in and out of the downtown area that include gift shops, cosmetic stores, fine women's apparel, high end jewelry, and antiques.
Greenville, Kentucky|In addition, Greenville is rapidly becoming a regional hub for classic small town festivals and events.
Greenville, Mississippi|Greenville, Mississippi welcomes you!
Greenville, Mississippi|Greenville is the heart and soul of the Delta!
Greenville, Mississippi|Among the top five largest cities in the State of Mississippi, Greenville is home to many different cultural backgrounds.
Greenville, Mississippi|Downtown Greenville is a registered Main Street community and is in the process of revitalizing its downtown area.
Greenville, Mississippi|Friendly people, delicious food, historical sites, a thriving city government, and so much more encompass the City of Greenville. Places so welcoming that you feel you're in the presence of family and friends, and that everywhere you turn, you find yourself in good company.
Greenville, North Carolina|As the capital of East Carolina, Greenville is that place. Here, life's a graceful balance of front-porch friendly and business-world sharp, a balance lit up and alive with all the amenities of a metro, University town.
Greenville, North Carolina|Where we enjoy the company of our neighbors on summer nights, talking on the porch about the day's news and sports scores from the latest Pirate's game, until someone flips a coin to see who'll run out for BBQ. Walking through the streets of Greenville, you see it has its share of art galleries, museums and festivals that delight; or, close by, the campus of East Carolina University calls to art and culture lovers with its worldly offering of musical concerts, theatrical and dance productions, travel films and lectures.
Greenville, North Carolina|As the cultural, educational and economic hub of the region, it's expansive; it rewards the curious imagination, the entrepreneurial mind. If you're a person with big ideas and big ambitions, Greenville is good company.
Greenville, North Carolina|The smart thinking, hard work and optimism that once made Greenville a leading marketer of tobacco are still prevalent, though now guiding the area's technology focus with its many bioscience and robotics breakthroughs.
Greenville, North Carolina|No surprise, these victories are trumpeted with as much enthusiasm as the local sports team's trophy season. Located just inland off the North Carolina coast, East of I-95, over 20 parks grace the landscape of Greenville and Pitt County.
Greenville, North Carolina|Or onlookers gathered down at Extreme Park to watch BMX bike pros practicing for an event. But they're not faceless crowds.There is noise live music rising from the campus nightlife scene, the hub-bub around the Convention Center, or when the Pirates rally to make the winning score, nothing short of pandemonium. But our noise makes your spirits soar. In fact, you could say that the hustle and bustle of life in Greenville is conducive to a higher level of thinking and inspiration.
Greenville, North Carolina|One thing's for sure, the first thought on your mind will be how glad you are to be in Greenville, North Carolina, smack dab in the middle of such good company.
Greenville, Pennsylvania|The Borough of Greenville, with approximately 5,900 inhabitants, is a fine residential community with light commercial, industry, and small businesses, located north of Interstate 80 and west of Interstate 79.
Greenville, Pennsylvania|The Borough of Greenville offers a small town atmosphere with opportunities to enjoy cultural venues, great entertainment and professional sports events.
Greenville, Pennsylvania|With all this in mind, it is truly our pleasure to welcome you to the Borough of Greenville's Website!
Greenville, Pennsylvania|The Borough of Greenville is accepting applications for the CDBG Home Rehabilition Program.
