Washington, Arkansas|Located in Hempstead County, this small town is home to Historic Washington State Park.
Washington, Arkansas|Washington was established as the first county seat in 1824.
Washington, Arkansas|The wounded were cared for in Washington. The coming of the railroad era and the establishment of a new town (Hope) set the town on a path to slow decline.
Washington, Arkansas|The Washington Telegraph founded in 1840, and the only Arkansas newspaper published throughout the Civil War, printed its last issue in 1947. 
Washington, Arkansas|People in southwest Arkansas realized the historical significance of Washington and formed the Pioneer Washington Restoration Foundation in 1958. In 1973 Old Washington Historic State Park was created and today the town is one of America's premier historic villages.
Washington, Arkansas|The park was renamed Historic Washington State Park in 2006 and includes over thirty carefully restored historic structures that serve as a continuing legacy to life in the town from 1824 to 1889.
Washington, Connecticut|The Town of Washington, incorporated in 1779, was taken from Woodbury, Litchfield, Kent, and New Milford.
Washington, Connecticut|Washington is a town of 38.7 square miles with 89.5 miles of roadway.
Washington, Connecticut|Our population exceeds 4,000 full-time residents, approximately 550 of whom are public school students. Washington is a socially, culturally and economically rich community supported by a host of generous, caring citizens.
Washington, Connecticut|The eastern section of what is now Washington was settled by Joseph Hurlbut in 1734 and was known as the Parish of Judea and belonged to Woodbury.
Washington, Connecticut|The present town was incorporated in 1779, being named in honor of General George Washington, who traveled through the area several times during wartime.
Washington, Connecticut|For many years, Washington was principally a farming community.
Washington, Connecticut|Among early local industries were ironworks and quarries as well as small mills and factories run by waterpower along the Shepaug and Aspetuck Rivers. The Town of Washington operates under a town meeting form of government, with a Board of Selectmen.
Washington, Illinois|Washington, IL was founded in 1825.
Washington, Illinois|There are currently 15,134 people living in Washington, according to the 2010 census.
Washington, Illinois|Washington is located 10 miles east of Peoria, the "River City" of central Illinois.
Washington, Illinois|The first settlement in the town of Washington, or its vicinity, of which we have any account, was made in the spring of 1825, by William Holland, Sr., who came here from Peoria, then Fort Clark.
Washington, Illinois|In the spring of 1826 Holland commenced improving a farm in the northwest quarter of section 24, town 26, range 3 west of the third principal meridian, just east of the original town of Washington, and embracing a part of Holland, Dorsey, Walthan and Robinson's addition to the town.
Washington, Illinois|There were now thirteen families in Washington, besides small settlements in Deer Creek and Morton Townships.
Washington, Illinois|One of the early marriages in Washington was celebrated at Reuben Bandy's home, who came from Kentucky in 1831, between Lawson Holland and Elizabeth Bandy in October, 1833.
Washington, Illinois|Holland, Sr., built the first home and improved the first farm in the vicinity of Washington.
Washington, Illinois|In it was exhibited the first stock of goods offered for sale in Washington, consisting of dry goods, groceries, boots and shoes, etc.
Washington, Illinois|The carpenter work was done by Robert Smith, one of Washington's first carpenters.
Washington, Illinois|Dorsey was one of the active business men connected with Washington's early history.
Washington, Illinois|In 1834 William Holland, Sr., laid out the original town of Washington, being a part of that part of town lying east of Main street.
Washington, Illinois|The old Sherman house was moved and rebuilt and is occupied by Jarvis Waughop on Washington Street (now Zinser Place).
Washington, Illinois|The first school in Washington was a subscription school taught by Geo.
Washington, Illinois|Wood were for several years partners in business and were the proprietors of Goodwin and Wood's addition to Washington.
Washington, Illinois|The first paper printed in Washington was in 1853 by A.A.Couch and Albert Parker from Peoria and it was called "the Washington Investigator."
Washington, Illinois|The Post rapidly forged to the front and practically covered the whole territory of northern Tazewell County and part of Woodford county. The only official records of the town of Washington extant today date back to 1839.
Washington, Illinois|Heiple was elected clerk of the city of Washington in 1878 he received a letter from a relative of an early settler.
Washington, Illinois|Washington at that time had a town organization and was governed by a Town Board of four Trustees.
Washington, Illinois|That closes the records of Washington until the town was incorporated under a special act of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, passed February 10, 1857.
Washington, Illinois|The city of Washington was organized and the first election held April 16, 1878.
Washington, Illinois|In 1906 Washington was the model little residence city.
Washington, Illinois|The business Square of Washington was paved with brick in 1903 and one year later South Main Street was paved to the corporation line.
Washington, Illinois|An interurban railroad was soon to be built from Peoria through Washington to connect with Chicago.
Washington, Illinois|Washington already had three lines of steam railroads which placed us in close touch with the outside world and afford competing freight rates.
Washington, Illinois|This information was taken from a reprint of the 1906 book "Picturesque Washington, Illinois."
Washington, Illinois|This book along with a book entitled "Early and Continuing History of Washington, Illinois and Vicinity are available at the Washington Historical Society located at 105 Zinser Place.
Washington, Iowa|The City of Washington was recognized in 2008 as a "Main Street Community".
Washington, Iowa|With a population of 7,266, Washington centrally located in southeast Iowa just 30 minutes south of Iowa City/Coralville.
Washington, Iowa|Washington, founded in 1839, is the county seat of Washington County, and is in one of the top livestock and grain producing areas in the nation.
Washington, Iowa|Washington is a proud supporter of a great mini-bus transportation system that serves not only Washington residents, but people all over Washington county. The fountain pictured above was constructed and dedicated in 1939 for Washington's Centennial Celebration.
Washington, Iowa|It features a multi-colored light show and is the focus of Central Park in downtown Washington.
Washington, Iowa|These popular community events are held in Central Park and around the square. Washington's extensive park system offers endless recreational opportunities.
Washington, Iowa|In addition, the Washington Community Y offers organized youth and adult sports activities, a senior center, weight and nautilus room, and with an indoor pool they offer swimming lessons for all ages and water exercise classes for adults. There are several vintage homes and buildings in Washington which are listed on the National Register of Historical Places.
Washington, Iowa|Washington boasts a municipal band which will celebrate its 80th season in 2012!
Washington, Kansas|Washington is located in north central Kansas on US Highway 36, and is the county seat for Washington County.
Washington, Kansas|We are proud of our community, schools, churches, organizations, and especially our people. While in Washington, please take time to explore some of our attractions.
Washington, Kansas|Washington is home to KSDS, a unique dog-training center for highly-trained canine social and service dogs who provide assistance to disabled and blind individuals with a better life of independence.
Washington, Kansas|Washington's downtown business district is home to a variety of shopping experiences to indulge in, and several merchants you just won't find anywhere else!
Washington, Kansas|The Washington County Historical Society offers the opportunity to take a stroll back in time and browse through our area's history.
Washington, Kansas|It also provides a valuable resource for genealogical research. The Washington City Park showcases our community-built playground, Munchkinland, and includes a walking fitness trail.
Washington, Kansas|Other features include a zero-depth entry pool, constructed in 2010, fishing area, ball diamonds, tennis, basketball and sand volleyball courts, and a racetrack, which offer additional recreational opportunities. Once again, I welcome you to Washington.
Washington, Kansas|Enjoy your stay in our fair city! Washington, Kansas .
Washington, Kansas|36 and K-15, Washington is a friendly, caring community that is proud of its infrastructure and invites you to spend a day with us.
Washington, Kansas|Recreation is a priority in Washington.
Washington, Kansas|In addition to 1,200 friendly people and over 70 businesses that call Washington home, the city boasts a beautiful up-to-date library, a 9-hole grass green golf course, & an 8-lane bowling center.
Washington, Kansas|Washington has good quality health care with doctors, dentists, optometrists, and chiropractors serving the community.
Washington, Kansas|The Washington Clinic and the Washington County Hospital continue to work diligently to bring us the best possible care by creatively meeting the challenges of today's health care needs.
Washington, Kansas|The City of Washington offers a 38-acre industrial park with incentives.
Washington, Kansas|For more information about economic development opportunities, business and industrial locations in the city, contact the Washington city administrator at (785) 325-2284.
Washington, Louisiana|Founded in 1720 and incorporated in 1835, Washington is the 3rd oldest settlement in Louisiana.
Washington, Louisiana|It was subsequently granted to the guardian of the church which began selling lots in 1822. In the 1800's Washington was an important steamboat port with cotton, cattle, sugar, and molasses being the major products shipped from the region.
Washington, Louisiana|The Town of Washington is to what Williamsburg is to Virginia.
Washington, Louisiana|The historic homes and businesses of Washington are graceful, original from Louisiana's nineteenth century past.
Washington, Louisiana|Because the bayou was navigable south to New Orleans and northward by flatboat to the rich agricultural area, Washington rapidly became a center for commerce and transportation.
Washington, Louisiana|In May of the 1900, the last steamboat left Washington and since that time other areas in the state has surpassed the little community on Bayou Courtableau as major commercial centers.
Washington, Louisiana|However, Washington has never lost the character of its rich heritage. Washington contains many examples of various Louisiana architecture, ranging from board and batten cottages to towering plantation houses with full galleries.
Washington, Louisiana|Washington has many wonderful old live oaks, many of which are recorded in the register of the Louisiana Oak Society.
Washington, Louisiana|The historic significance of Washington is recorded in the National Historic Registry.
Washington, Maine|Washington, Maine, a rural town of 1525 inhabitants, lies along State Route 17 in the northwestern corner of Knox County, between the county seat in Rockland and the State Capital in Augusta.
Washington, Maine|In 1825 the name was officially changed to Washington. One early item of interest in Washington's history was the "paint mine".
Washington, Maine|This was a large deposit of red and yellow ocher found in the soil, which had been used long before Europeans arrived and who took their name "Red Paint people". The town consists of small villages: Washington Village, West Washington, Razorville, and Stickney Corners.
Washington, Maine|Clear and pristine Washington Pond and Crystal Lake, northwest of the Village, teem with fish and wildlife.
Washington, Maine|Several smaller ponds and streams, such as Davis Stream, Little Medomak River, and Washington and Calderwood Brooks, adorn our attractive rural community.
Washington, New Jersey|Washington is a rural borough in northwestern New Jersey in Warren County.
Washington, New Jersey|Washington was incorporated as a borough by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 20, 1868, from portions of Washington Township.
Washington, New Jersey|According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of 2.0 square miles (5.1 km2). The surrounding landscape includes rolling hills as well as Pohatcong Mountain a ridge, approximately 6 mi (10 km) long, in the well known Appalachian Mountains that extends from west Phillipsburg northeast approximately to Washington.
Washington, New Jersey|Upper Pohatcong Mountain extends northeast of Washington approximately 6 mi (10 km) to the vicinity of Hackettstown.
Washington, New Jersey|Washington Borough, named for American first President, separated from Washington Township, which completely surrounds it, in 1868.
Washington, New Jersey|Washington was also an important railroad center with multiple railroad stations and even a hotel across from one of the stations.
Washington, New Jersey|On October 6, 1966 the last passenger train left the Washington Station.
Washington, New Jersey|As of 2003 it was still in use as an office by Opdyke Sales and Service Company. The first school was established in 1811 which was the same year that Colonel William McCullough opened Washington House brick tavern in honor of the first President. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the borough became a Mecca of musical instruments manufacturers such as the melodeon and piano but in particular the manufacture of organs.
Washington, New Jersey|Many of the affluent members of Washington society built many beautiful Victorian style mansions in the borough.
Washington, New Jersey|Taylor Street School and Warren Hills Middle School (formerly Washington High School) were also built during this period. Washington Borough is home to the historic Washington Theater which was built in 1926 for silent movies and vaudeville.
Washington, New Jersey|It proudly proclaimed itself the howplace of Northwestern NJ and is still in use today with the latest movies as well independent film festivals, live bands and more. The advent of the automobile brought Washington closer to both the nearby Lehigh Valley and the not so nearby New York City area.
Washington, New Jersey|In the years following World War II, an increasing number of Washington residents would commute to work in those two areas.
Washington, New Jersey|In addition, people from those areas began to settle in Washington, and there were many new houses and apartment complexes built during the late 20th century.
Washington, North Carolina|Founded in 1776, the town of Washington, North Carolina, was the first city in America to be named for General George Washington.
Washington, North Carolina|Because of this, the city is still occasionally referred to as original Washington. With a beautiful and historic downtown, Washington is known for the stately homes and lovely gardens that make up its residential area, as well as the ornate brickwork featured on the vintage commercial buildings of Main Street.
Washington, North Carolina|Located directly on the scenic waterfront, downtown Washington offers unique opportunities to the visitor, from world-class restaurants and intriguing antique stores to art galleries, performing centers, and more. Washington, North Carolina|Washington downtown on the waterfront is the perfect place for an overnight stay or a weekend getaway. Discover the charms of the Inner Banks by exploring Washington and its neighbors.
Washington, Virginia|We invite you to visit this historic landmark fondly known as Little Washington, a tiny village in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains where quality trumps quantity and dining and lodging establishments, shops and businesses win one award after another for excellence.
Washington, Virginia|It is considered by those who were born here, and those who settled later, a paradise in which to live, work and play. Where else can you find in a five-block by two-block area the world's best hotel restaurant, the Five Diamond/Five Star Inn at Little Washington), a Four Diamond Bed & Breakfast (Middleton Inn), one of the top 50 shops in the South voted so by Southern Living Magazine, a cycling/culinary tour chosen the Number One Bicycle Tour for Foodies in the World by National Geographic (Tour d'Epicure), a theatre featuring world-renowned musicians (The Theatre at Washington, Virginia) and a town that still has the same five-block by two-block grid it did when George Washington surveyed and laid it out over 250 years ago.
Washington, Virginia|The Town of Washington is a National Historic Landmark and since the 1800s has been called Little Washington to distinguish it from big Washington, DC., less than 70 miles away.
Washington, Virginia|Little Washington is little, more like an English village than a town, with a population of less than 150 persons, not including two horses, one llama, a flock of sheep and a dozen or so chickens who live in an ornate chicken house with stained glass windows in the Historic District.
Washington, Virginia|To get a sense of the whimsical, you can sit on a bench in the center of the town and watch farmers driving John Deere tractors loaded with hay bales go by an antique Rolls Royce or stretch limos parked near the The Inn at Little Washington. The town's history and architecture has elevated it to the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register.
Washington, Virginia|Today Washington serves as the county seat of Rappahannock County and is home not only to the famous Inn at Little Washington but also to several bed and breakfasts, shops, galleries and churches.
Washington, Virginia|Whether you are looking for a romantic getaway, a gourmet weekend, a tour of Virginia's finest wineries, hikes in the Shenandoah National Park, a culinary cycling adventure or an oasis that will feed your soul as well as your palate, you will discover it all here in Little Washington.
